You will need access to Tableau Public to analyze and visualize data.
We've placed a link for you below to download.
You'll also need basic knowledge of structured query language,
or more commonly known as SQL.
You can learn everything you need to know and more through
Udacity SQL for data analysis course, also a link below.
Throughout this course, you'll have direct access to Udacity's SQL workspace,
which uses PostgreSQL under the hood.
PostgreSQL is nearly identical to the SQLite,
Redshift, Presto, Hive, or MySQL syntax.
But you may need a reference to it's
documentation if you want to do some really fancy analysis.
Again, link below.